hey what's up their YouTube been here
with yet another new video for you guys
today so if you're someone who's been
looking to go ahead and get an iphone 6
plus you may have found out that it's
not a very easy thing to do so unless
you pre-ordered one you may not be
getting one until sometime in November
but will the iphone 6 plus be going from
being hard to get to being hard to want
let's go ahead and get into the video
right now alright guys so the last
couple of days we have woken up to some
news online about the iphone 6 plus that
may not be making people very happy and
it's definitely not making the people
who have an iphone six-plus happy at all
because now they're going to be probably
pretty worried about using the phone at
all in public or something of that sort
unless they're keeping it in their hand
so basically numerous tech news sites
and news sites and other websites are
reporting that users have been taking
their phones out of their pocket and
noticing a slight bend in their phone
and rather this being their eyes
deceiving them because it's a bigger
phone so they're making problems out of
nothing it seems to be an actual problem
so unboxtherapy heard of this rumor
himself and so he took it upon himself
to go ahead and actually make a video on
this and he basically took an iphone
six-plus that he had and put it through
some you know basic bending that you may
apply to phones for whatever reason but
again basic bending that we would be
able to do ourselves pretty easily and
that may be able to get replicated in
your pocket a little bit depending on
your situation how tight your jeans
aren't so on and so forth and the
results weren't good at all so as you
guys can see this phone is just
completely bent and it seems to be again
with a power button
is it doesn't seem to be in the middle
of the phone so it looks like there's
just a weak spot with that so again that
may be something to think about if you
are thinking about getting the iphone 6
plus now just to go ahead and kind of
get rid of anything of people trying to
say that all big phones are going to be
like this well he made a follow up video
of another big phablet of an Galaxy Note
3 and as you can see it's standing up a
lot better the first time we did it he
didn't notice any change and the second
time I did it doing it as hard as he
could he only noticed a little bit of
warping and that's something that may
end up just shaping back to normal with
the next couple of hours or something so
by now his galaxy note 3 could be
perfectly fine so again that may be the
one bad thing about metal phones all
metal phones anyway is that again you
are going to be at risk at finding them
now the iphone 6 plus size may have
something to do with it because even
though the note 3 has a bigger screen
the iphone 6 is actually just a little
bit bigger than the note 3 in terms of
height at least so again take that for
what it is that may be something you
want to look into a little bit more if
you are thinking about getting this
device for yourself because again you
definitely don't want to get a bit phone
and also definitely don't go ahead and
try and bend it back either because
that's when his screen actually
shattered and broke on the completely
opposite side of the phone 24 mar is
vince so if you're thinking about trying
to bend your phone back after it has
been bent you may want to go ahead and
double think that but anyways guys
that's about it for this video if you
liked it don't forget to give it a
thumbs up don't forget to subscribe and
also leave a comment in the comment
section below are you selling you once
the iphone 6 plus has your phone already
been are you going to stick out for the
galaxy note 4 go ahead and leave your
thoughts in the comment section below
and i'll be sure to reply to those and i
will go ahead and check you guys in the
next one bye have a beautiful time